U U V stands for unmanned underwater vehicle. Essentially, it's Ah, it's
a robot, an underwater robot that can be used to do a variety of
things under the water. Some are programmed with side scan sonar to
survey a bottom area looking for anything from mines to shipwrecks.
Sunken aircraft. Um, anything that's been lost under the water to collecting
environmental information like the thim, a tree or temperature,
salinity, or all the other kind of environmental factors that are
under the ocean surface. There, it's, Ah, it's you program it so
it doesn't necessarily need to have somebody operating it entirely.
It's not tethered. You essentially program the vehicle. You can send
it out on its way. It runs this pre programmed mission. Then you recover
it. You can download the data and then interpret that data depending
upon what sensors you had attached to the vehicle, what your
overall mission requirements are